prendre to take
donner to give
voir to see
venir to come
passer to pass
comprendre to understand
rester to stay
tenir to hold
montrer to show
continuer to continue
suivre to follow
connaître to know
croire to believe
compter to count
entendre to hear
attendre to wait
appeler to call
permettre to allow
occuper to occupy
partir to leave
décider to decide
servir to serve
sembler to seem
laisser to leave
recevoir to receive
répondre to answer
présenter to present
accepter to accept
agir to act
jouer to play
reconnaître to recognize
offrir to offer
choisir to choose
perdre to lose
expliquer to explain
considérer to consider
ouvrir to open
exister to exist
refuser to refuse
réussir to succeed
changer to change
travailler to work
représenter to represent
essayer to try
empêcher to prevent
mener to lead
appartenir to belong
risquer to risk
concerner to concern
apprendre to learn
rencontrer to meet
créer to create
proposer to propose
apporter to bring
utiliser to use
atteindre to reach
ajouter to add
produire to product
préparer to prepare
relever to raise
écrire to write
juger to judge
éviter to avoid
souhaiter to wish
espérer to hope
remplacer to replace
marquer to mark
poursuivre to pursue
maintenir to maintain
exprimer to express
imposer to impose
former to form
priver to deprive
constituer to constitute
déclarer to declare
oublier to forget
quitter to leave
paraître to appear
annoncer to announce
envoyer to send
partager to share
établir to establish
garder to keep
finir to finish
payer to pay
tomber to fall
convaincre to convince
manquer to miss
opposer to oppose
signifier to mean
tuer to kill
réduire to reduce
préférer to prefer
durer to last
livrer to deliver
inviter to invite
répéter to repeat
prouver to prove
acheter to buy
ignorer to ignore
souffrir to suffer
amener to bring
viser to aim
accorder to grant
tourner to turn
participer to participate
respecter to respect
adopter to adopt
admettre to admit
découvrir to discover
couvrir to cover
soumettre to submit
apparaître to appear
organiser to organize
prononcer to pronounce
vendre to sell
mourir to die
accompagner to accompany
intervenir to intervene
protéger to protect
adresser to address
attirer to attract
appliquer to apply
forcer to force
publier to publish
pousser to push
reposer to rest
satisfaire to satisfy
désigner to designate
dépendre to depend
plaire to please
signer to sign
révéler to reveal
couper to cut
installer to install
imaginer to imagine
promettre to promise
concentrer to concentrate
confier to entrust
condamner to condemn
limiter to limit
justifier to justify
raconter to tell
développer to develop
conclure to conclude
insister to insist
cacher to hide
prêter to lend
définir to define
détruire to destroy
échapper to escape
séparer to separate
étudier to study
menacer to threaten
rejeter to reject
coûter to cost
autoriser to authorize
confirmer to confirm
contribuer to contribute
attaquer to attack
contenir to contain
transformer to transform
regretter to regret
consister to consist
réagir to react
surprendre to surprise
améliorer to improve
réfléchir to reflect
apprécier to appreciate
citer to quote
causer to cause
provoquer to provoke
concevoir to conceive
procéder to proceed
acquérir to acquire
examiner to examine
mesurer to measure
combattre to fight
emprunter to borrow
traduire to translate
accuser to accuse
prétendre to pretend
décrire to describe
entretenir to maintain
habiter to live
commettre to commit
enlever to remove
jeter to throw
analyser to analyse
témoigner to testify
remercier to thank
voter to vote
garantir to guarantee
pratiquer to practice
qualifier to qualify
surveiller to watch
accomplir to accomplish
décevoir to disappoint
inspirer to inspire
joindre to join
survivre to survive
gérer to manage
informer to inform
attacher to attach
renouveler to renew
asseoir to sit
visiter to visit
échouer to fail
désirer to desire
affecter to affect
favoriser to favor
précéder to precede
correspondre to correspond
associer to associate
identifier to identify
encourager to encourage
courir to run
dénoncer to denounce
échanger to exchange
éliminer to eliminate
exclure to exclude
élire to elect
suggérer to suggest
interrompre to interrupt
unir to unite
investir to invest
entourer to surround
communiquer to communicate
démontrer to demonstrate
accroître to increase
marcher to walk
tromper to deceive
évaluer to evaluate
adapter to adapt
comparer to compare
diviser to divide
approcher to approach
peser to weigh
douter to doubt
ressentir to feel
consulter to consult
hésiter to hesitate
résister to resist
avouer to admit
oser to dare
corriger to correct
prier to pray
dominer to dominate
critiquer to criticize
évoluer to evolve
percevoir to perceive
approuver to approve
relier to connect
négocier to negotiate
interpréter to interpret
marier to marry
introduire to introduce
baser to base
féliciter to congratulate
intégrer to integrate
financer to finance
nier to deny
mentionner to mention
distinguer to distinguish
exploiter to exploit
chanter to sing
clore to close
régner to reign
dormir to sleep
progresser to progress
confronter to confront
compliquer to complicate
assumer to assume
refléter to reflect
préserver to preserve
briser to break
brûler to burn
illustrer to illustrate
formuler to formulate
plonger to dive
fuir to flee
inventer to invent
multiplier to multiply
excuser to excuse
recommander to recommend
inclure to include
annuler to cancel
bloquer to block
guider to guide
spécialiser to specialize
détourner to redirect
blesser to hurt
compléter to complete
dépenser to spend
jouir to enjoy
rompre to break
armer to arm
bâtir to build
résulter to result
emmener to take
afficher to display
sauter to jump
transférer to transfer
enseigner to teach
punir to punish
célébrer to celebrate
hausser to raise
casser to break
croiser to cross
voyager to travel
songer to dream
commenter to comment
avertir to warn
tarder to delay
pleurer to cry
requérir to require
enfermer to shut
entamer to start
calculer to calculate
compromettre to compromise
présider to preside
soupçonner to suspect
promouvoir to promote
sonner to ring
protester to protest
débuter to start
creuser to dig
caractériser to characterize
privilégier to favour
dater to date
influencer to influence
équilibrer to balance
amuser to amuse
affaiblir to weaken
négliger to neglect
plaider to plead
pénétrer to penetrate
rouler to roll
fumer to smoke
détailler to detail
mentir to lie
nuire to harm
disputer to dispute
infliger to inflict
revendiquer to claim
secouer to shake
admirer to admire
déplorer to deplore
coordonner to coordinate
prédire to predict
siéger to sit
simplifier to simplify
briller to shine
arranger to arrange
danser to dance
généraliser to generalize
tester to test
hériter to inherit
régir to govern
respirer to breath
stimuler to stimulate
spécifier to specify
jurer to swear
prévaloir to prevail
cibler to target
conquérir to conquer
fêter to celebrate
convertir to convert
contredire to contradict
recruter to recruit
œuvrer to work
conférer to confer
déléguer to delegate
comparaître to appear
démissionner to resign
générer to generate
sélectionner to select
paralyser to paralyze
reléguer to relegate
contrer to counter
imiter to imitate
embaucher to hire
torturer to torture
repenser to rethink
insulter to insult
axer to center
nettoyer to clean
désespérer to despair
exporter to export
planifier to plan
insérer to insert
souscrire to subscribe
concilier to reconcile
dédier to dedicate
industrialiser to industrialize
coopérer to cooperate
tâcher to endeavor
détecter to detect
voiler to veil
déguiser to disguise
téléviser to televise
stabiliser to stabilize
centrer to center
attarder to linger
ratifier to ratify
parier to bet
civiliser to civilze
avaler to swallow
tisser to weave
bombarder to bomb
symboliser to symbolize
substituer to substitute
chuter to fall
handicaper to handicap
plaisanter to joke
sous-estimer to underestimate
répliquer to reply
immigrer to immigrate
improviser to improvise
articuler to articulate
concrétiser to materialise
pleuvoir to rain
déménager to move
photographier to photograph
moderniser to modernize
différencier to differentiate
inculper to charge
rouvrir to reopen
réconcilier to reconcile
hanter to haunt
murmurer to murmur
taxer to tax
exiler to exile
intimider to intimidate
périr to perish
fasciner to fascinate
décharger to unload
excéder to exceed
énumérer to enumerate
frustrer to frustrate
questionner to question
injecter to inject
militer to militate
clarifier to clarify
allouer to allocate
inonder to flood
ancrer to anchor
confiner to confine
rigoler to laugh
expérimenter to experiment
détériorer to deteriorate
accepter to accept
accompagner to accompany
accomplir to accomplish
accorder to grant
accroître to increase
accuser to accuse
acheter to buy
acquérir to acquire
adapter to adapt
admettre to admit
admirer to admire
adopter to adopt
adresser to address
affaiblir to weaken
afficher to display
agir to act
ajouter to add
allouer to allocate
améliorer to improve
amener to bring
amuser to amuse
analyser to analyse
ancrer to anchor
annoncer to announce
annuler to cancel
apparaître to appear
appartenir to belong
appeler to call
apporter to bring
apprendre to learn
approcher to approach
approuver to approve
armer to arm
arranger to arrange
articuler to articulate
asseoir to sit
associer to associate
assumer to assume
attacher to attach
attaquer to attack
attarder to linger
atteindre to reach
attendre to wait
attirer to attract
autoriser to authorize
avaler to swallow
avouer to admit
baser to base
bâtir to build
blesser to hurt
bloquer to block
briller to shine
briser to break
brûler to burn
cacher to hide
calculer to calculate
caractériser to characterize
casser to break
célébrer to celebrate
centrer to center
changer to change
chanter to sing
choisir to choose
chuter to fall
cibler to target
citer to quote
clarifier to clarify
clore to close
combattre to fight
commenter to comment
commettre to commit
comparaître to appear
comparer to compare
compléter to complete
compliquer to complicate
compter to count
concentrer to concentrate
concerner to concern
concevoir to conceive
concilier to reconcile
conclure to conclude
condamner to condemn
conférer to confer
confier to entrust
confirmer to confirm
confronter to confront
connaître to know
conquérir to conquer
considérer to consider
consister to consist
constituer to constitute
contenir to contain
continuer to continue
contredire to contradict
contrer to counter
contribuer to contribute
convaincre to convince
convertir to convert
corriger to correct
couper to cut
courir to run
coûter to cost
couvrir to cover
créer to create
creuser to dig
critiquer to criticize
croire to believe
danser to dance
dater to date
débuter to start
décevoir to disappoint
décharger to unload
décider to decide
déclarer to declare
découvrir to discover
décrire to describe
dédier to dedicate
définir to define
déguiser to disguise
déléguer to delegate
déménager to move
démissionner to resign
démontrer to demonstrate
dénoncer to denounce
dépenser to spend
désespérer to despair
désigner to designate
désirer to desire
détailler to detail
détecter to detect
détériorer to deteriorate
détourner to redirect
détruire to destroy
développer to develop
différencier to differentiate
distinguer to distinguish
diviser to divide
donner to give
douter to doubt
durer to last
échanger to exchange
échapper to escape
échouer to fail
écrire to write
efforcer to endeavor
embaucher to hire
emmener to take
empêcher to prevent
emprunter to borrow
encourager to encourage
enfermer to shut
enlever to remove
enseigner to teach
entamer to start
entendre to hear
entourer to surround
énumérer to enumerate
envoyer to send
espérer to hope
essayer to try
établir to establish
évaluer to evaluate
éviter to avoid
évoluer to evolve
examiner to examine
excéder to exceed
exclure to exclude
excuser to excuse
exiler to exile
exister to exist
expérimenter to experiment
expliquer to explain
exploiter to exploit
exporter to export
exprimer to express
fasciner to fascinate
favoriser to favor
féliciter to congratulate
fêter to celebrate
financer to finance
finir to finish
former to form
formuler to formulate
garantir to guarantee
garder to keep
généraliser to generalize
générer to generate
gérer to manage
guider to guide
hanter to haunt
hausser to raise
hériter to inherit
hésiter to hesitate
identifier to identify
ignorer to ignore
illustrer to illustrate
imaginer to imagine
imiter to imitate
immigrer to immigrate
improviser to improvise
inclure to include
inculper to charge
infliger to inflict
influencer to influence
informer to inform
injecter to inject
inonder to flood
insérer to insert
insister to insist
inspirer to inspire
installer to install
insulter to insult
intégrer to integrate
interpréter to interpret
interrompre to interrupt
intervenir to intervene
intimider to intimidate
introduire to introduce
inventer to invent
investir to invest
inviter to invite
joindre to join
jouer to play
jouir to enjoy
juger to judge
jurer to swear
limiter to limit
livrer to deliver
maintenir to maintain
manquer to miss
marcher to walk
marier to marry
menacer to threaten
mentir to lie
mesurer to measure
militer to militate
moderniser to modernize
montrer to show
mourir to die
multiplier to multiply
murmurer to murmur
négocier to negotiate
nettoyer to clean
nier to deny
nuire to harm
occuper to occupy
œuvrer to work
offrir to offer
opposer to oppose
organiser to organize
oser to dare
oublier to forget
paraître to appear
parier to bet
partager to share
participer to participate
partir to leave
passer to pass
pénétrer to penetrate
percevoir to perceive
perdre to lose
périr to perish
permettre to allow
placer to place
plaider to plead
plaire to please
plaisanter to joke
planifier to plan
pleurer to cry
pleuvoir to rain
plonger to dive
poursuivre to pursue
pousser to push
pratiquer to practice
précéder to precede
prédire to predict
préférer to prefer
prendre to take
préparer to prepare
préserver to preserve
présider to preside
prétendre to pretend
prêter to lend
prévaloir to prevail
prier to pray
priver to deprive
privilégier to favor
procéder to proceed
produire to product
progresser to progress
promettre to promise
proposer to propose
protéger to protect
protester to protest
prouver to prove
provoquer to provoke
punir to punish
qualifier to qualify
questionner to question
quitter to leave
raconter to tell
ratifier to ratify
réagir to react
recevoir to receive
recommander to recommend
réconcilier to reconcile
reconnaître to recognize
réduire to reduce
réfléchir to reflect
refléter to reflect
refuser to refuse
régir to govern
régner to reign
regretter to regret
rejeter to reject
reléguer to relegate
relier to connect
remercier to thank
rencontrer to meet
renouveler to renew
répéter to repeat
répliquer to reply
répondre to answer
reposer to rest
représenter to represent
requérir to require
respecter to respect
respirer to breath
ressentir to feel
rester to stay
résulter to result
réussir to succeed
révéler to reveal
revendiquer to claim
rêver to dream
rigoler to laugh
risquer to risk
rompre to break
rouler to roll
rouvrir to reopen
satisfaire to satisfy
sauter to jump
secouer to shake
sélectionner to select
sembler to seem
séparer to separate
servir to serve
siéger to sit
signer to sign
signifier to mean
simplifier to simplify
songer to dream
sonner to ring
souffrir to suffer
souhaiter to wish
soumettre to submit
soupçonner to suspect
souscrire to subscribe
sous-estimer to underestimate
spécifier to specify
stabiliser to stabilize
stimuler to stimulate
suggérer to suggest
suivre to follow
surveiller to watch
survivre to survive
symboliser to symbolize
tâcher to endeavor
tarder to delay
taxer to tax
téléviser to televise
témoigner to testify
tenir to hold
tester to test
tisser to weave
tomber to fall
tourner to turn
traduire to translate
transférer to transfer
transformer to transform
travailler to work
tromper to deceive
trouver to find
tuer to kill
unir to unite
utiliser to use
vendre to sell
venir to come
viser to aim
visiter to visit
voiler to veil
voir to see
voter to vote
voyager to travel
